now it used to be that there was only
one game in town for Blizzard licensed
gaming peripherals but I've already
unboxed one of razor's Blizzard licensed
peripherals and here is another one this
is the Razer Marauder this is a
Starcraft 2 gaming keyboard and we're
going to be having a quick look at it
today first let's see what razer has to
say for themselves on the box here so
first of all 1,000 Hertz ultra polling
so that means that the responsiveness of
this keyboard should be about as good as
it gets
APM lighting system so we'll have to get
into what exactly that is a little bit
later on the fly' macro recording this
is a feature that I love seeing on
keyboards because it makes recording
macros a little bit less tedious if you
don't have to bring up a big old
software program in order to do it
laser-etched keys pool very nice and a
braided fiber cable which we're pretty
used to seeing on any quality Razer
product here we go fully backlit keys
interesting 7-foot lightweight and
untangle cord oK we've covered that APM
lighting system we've covered this to
optimize key travel and spacing this is
a little bit different so what razors
basically saying is that the key travel
which is the distance between being not
depressed and being depressed not to say
sad but rather pressed down is optimized
for presumably RTS gaming integrated
number pad ok that is a keyboard feature
I suppose on the fly macro recording APM
lighting system and elevated keys with
optimized travel distance and spacing so
it's a little bit redundant I guess what
they mean to say is it is a keyboard ok
actions per minute lighting so actions
per minute lighting system that's it you
know I figured that might be what they
mean by APM but I wasn't really sure how
you could have a lighting system that's
actions per minute so we're going to
have to find out exactly what that means
so it looks like there actually isn't a
seal on that side I'm not sure how to
get this box open ah here we go so
there's a seal on this side so it looks
like you can actually only open this box
one way so I'm going to take points off
of the marauder keyboard because
as a nun boxer I like to have the
freedom to choose how I'm going to unbox
my product now I'm just kidding I'm not
going to take any money off the product
because because the Box can only be open
from one side that actually doesn't
bother me very much all right so here's
the marauder keyboard so Wow the box
actually makes it look like if you see
here it's more of a black keyboard but
you can see quite clearly that it's more
of a silver keyboard so if you were
expecting a black keyboard then you
better sort of adjust your expectations
because this is the color scheme that we
actually have going on here
so this says armored assault and
apparently armored assault means lifting
up a tab and pulling out the lining box
okay here we go with the included bits I
mean razors great at presentations so
let's see what they have to say for
themselves first we have the Quick Start
Guide which shows us that is a good idea
to plug it into a USB port and
furthermore that it is a good idea to
register your product so not a whole lot
going on in there next we have some
Razer stickers as I recall these are UV
sensitive only one way to find out for
sure though guys come on let's go find
out if they're UV sensitive so I'm in my
computer room now hold on a second it's
going to turn off the light
and oh they are not UV sensitive bummer
okay never mind that I think they think
it's possible they used to be but at any
rate these ones are not so there that
goes off with the QuickStart guide next
we have the main manual which is in
French master guide there we go
now okay so programming macros using
your marauder
the only reason I have this open right
now is to find out what a PM lighting is
so you can customize the look of the
Marauder by adjusting from over 16
million colors so you can adjust the
main the side strips and the under glow
lighting colors click any of the three
color boxes so you can choose the color
to assign to that lighting area okay a
p.m. in alerts tab so actually for a
minute selection on the top flanked at
the bottom of the drivers allows you to
customize the lighting behavior based on
the number of actions per minutes used
in starcraft2
suite so the more APM's you have while
you're gaming with this keyboard the
more different your lighting scheme will
be so let's have some pretty a pretty
close look at the keyboard itself as far
as keyboards go it's a fairly standard
layout it has letters and it has numbers
and it has some media keys that are
accessed via function key hey this is
smart okay I'm actually wait hold on
is this the way I prefer it yes I
believe this is the way I prefer it I
prefer the windows key over here I know
I'm one of those horrible awful people
who doesn't bump the windows key when
they're trying to game with WASD but I
prefer the function key over here for
these items because think about it this
way if you're going to press function
and this for example to mute your volume
are you going to go like this or would
this be more natural
oh what a concept right oh you know what
we should actually do here let's plug
this thing in so it actually has two
gold plated USB plugs and I'm guessing
it is just for extra power so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to plug these
into my MSI GX 660 our gaming notebook
and see what happens
it lights up look at that
okay I don't have the drivers installed
so I'm not going to be able to do any
additional testing on the different
lighting configurations but that is what
it looks like once it's lit up it's got
a pretty even overall backlight the one
key that I'd say doesn't get as much
love as the others is probably the
Escape key but it looks pretty darn good
even in the bright lights that I have
shining down at me right now so not bad
at all I'll turn those lights off and
I'll give you guys a better look at it
in a moment so let's flip it over and
see what we have to see down here so
first we've got a couple of lighting
strips at the bottom of the keyboard we
have two of those little red risers you
want to Incline the keyboard that's more
comfortable for you
we have rubber pads on the bottom of the
keyboard to keep it from slipping big
ones at the front small ones at the back
so even if you are using those cabs it
shouldn't slip around and then okay I'll
finally get in close and have a look at
what all keys you guys are going to find
here so function keys we've got mute
volume up volume down
we've got play stop forward back and
then we have oh oh
hmm this appears to be brightness on and
off okay and this oh okay is for gaming
mode versus not gaming mode which
probably turns off the windows key that
would be my guess okay here we have oh
this is interesting so we've taken the
insert homepage out delete and then page
down and we've put them all in the
number pad which I actually can't decide
if it bothers me or not I'm going to go
ahead and say no for now because we can
always go into number mode and then we
still have insert home and page up now
what I probably would have done was I
probably would have gone like a delete
home or a delete page up and page down
or something to find like sort of three
useful keys and leave them here even a
number pad mode but I mean it's it's up
in a but it's never easy when you're
trying to decide how to sort of butcher
a keyboard layout to condense it so you
know they chopped it up and they did the
best they could here are the arrow keys
if you're not a number mode so yeah yeah
you know it's not bad it makes it more
compact I mean it's a lot shorter than
than a typical keyboard I mean here's a
standard layout keyboard this is a
SteelSeries 70
so you can see that it is a good like
how much Lobster is this it's like a
good two and a half three inches shorter
than a 7g keyboard so here's our little
Starcraft 2 thing overall feel of the
keys honestly isn't exceptional I mean
I'm not going to lie to you guys it's a
it's a gaming keyboard it's not a
mechanical keyboard like their Black
Widow series so you're not going to get
that great tactile feedback however I
can't really comment on how well
optimised it is for RTS gaming but I can
tell you guys that they feel like very
adequate key switches especially
considering the fact they are not
mechanical key switches so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to turn off
these lights and give you guys a look at
what the keyboard looks like there's my
Star Wars shirt I'm so cool when the
lights are dimmed yeah you can see it's
much more noticeable the Escape key
doesn't get much lighting because you
can see the laser etched keys allow the
backlight to show through okay remember
these are not blue colored these are
actually just lit up by the blue light
behind them seeing all of the edgings on
the keys so it looks pretty sweet in the
dark guys don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos and
thank you for watching my unboxing of
the Starcraft 2 Razer marauder keyboard